---
layout: page
title: About
---

FPSAC / SFCA is a series of annual international conferences on Formal
Power Series and Algebraic Combinatorics (Séries Formelles et
Combinatoire Algébrique), running since 1988.

TODO: build on this draft

The continuing success of this series stems in part from its
considerable interdisciplinary breadth --- linking leading researchers
in combinatorial mathematics with strong researchers in allied fields
drawn from pure mathematics, applied mathematics, theoretical computer
science, physics, and biology. This is unique among international
conferences with an emphasis on combinatorial mathematics.

The principal topics featured during FPSAC conferences are algebraic
and enumerative combinatorics and their applications and relations
with other areas of mathematics, physics, biology and computer
science. The interdisciplinary span is reinforced by the choice of
plenary speakers.

A second distinguishing characteristic of FPSAC conferences has been a
concerted effort to recognize and encourage outstanding young
scientists.  This is accomplished by (1) ensuring that at least one
plenary speaker is an ``emerging'' star, and (2) making special
efforts to have talented young researchers well represented among the
speakers selected for contributed talks.

A third distinguishing characteristic of the FPSAC conferences has
been the continuing effort to emphasize inclusiveness among
participants.  First, the conference seeks to draw substantial
participation from groups which have been traditionally
under-represented in the mathematical sciences.  Second, to promote
international participation, both English and French have been
designated as ``official'' languages for the conferences.
